Fsxac/design2 (#46)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/design/3_2_multirotor.tex

\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[scale=0.4]{img/drone_yconfig}
        \caption{Tricopter Y-Configuration}
        \label{fig:tricopter-y}
    \end{subfigure}
    ~
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[scale=0.4]{img/drone_xconfig}
        \caption{Quadcopter X-Configuration}
        \label{fig:quadcopter-x}
    \end{subfigure}
    ~
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[scale=0.4]{img/drone_hexconfig}
        \caption{Hexcopter X-Configuration}
        \label{fig:hexcopter-x}
    \end{subfigure}
    
    \caption{Multirotor RPAS configurations}
    \label{fig:rpas_configs}
\end{figure}

\textbf{Tricopter: }The benefit of a tricopter, as represented in figure \ref{fig:tricopter-y} comes from its fewer required motors and speed controllers,
which means less power draw required to sustain flight. Each arm that is supporting each motor is also wider, at 120 
degrees. This makes the motors and arms of the MRPAS less visible from the mounted camera's point of view. 

> However, the downside of a tricopter is that there exists asymmetry of motor torque (figure \ref{fig:tricopter-y-t}) since 

Author: ```suggestion
 However, the downside of a tricopter is that there exists asymmetry of motor torque (Figure \ref{fig:tricopter-y-t}) since 
```

> operate, and maintain. Upon a crash, due to hexacopter MRPASs extended size and weight cause more injuries 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operate, and maintain. Upon a crash, the extended size and weight of hexacopter MRPASs cause more injuries 
```

or collateral damage to nearby equipment.

> We choose to pursue with a quadcopter configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We choose to pursue a quadcopter configuration. 
```

for extremely large payload capacity. However, these are more commonly used for industrial or military 
applications.

\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.33\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{img/djiphantom4}
        \caption{DJI Phantom 4 (350 mm)}
    \end{subfigure}
    ~
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.33\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{img/f450frame}
        \caption{Generic DIY frame kit (450 mm)}
    \end{subfigure}
    ~
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.33\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{img/djis1000}
        \caption{DJI Spreadwings S1000 (1000 mm)}
    \end{subfigure}
    
    \caption{Various air frame sizing options. }

>     \label{fig:}

Author: ```suggestion
```
